Commands edits (#6449)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/commands.rst

* ``-a NAME=VALUE``: set a spider argument (may be repeated)

> * ``--output FILE`` or ``-o FILE``: append scraped items to the end of FILE (use - for stdout). To define format, set a colon at the end of the output URI (i.e. ``-o FILE:FORMAT``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``--output FILE`` or ``-o FILE``: append scraped items to the end of FILE (use - for stdout). To define the output format, set a colon at the end of the output URI (i.e. ``-o FILE:FORMAT``)
```

> * ``--overwrite-output FILE`` or ``-O FILE``: dump scraped items into FILE, overwriting any existing file. To define format, set a colon at the end of the output URI (i.e. ``-O FILE:FORMAT``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``--overwrite-output FILE`` or ``-O FILE``: dump scraped items into FILE, overwriting any existing file. To define the output format, set a colon at the end of the output URI (i.e. ``-O FILE:FORMAT``)
```

Downloads the given URL using the Scrapy downloader and writes the contents to
standard output.

> The interesting thing about this command is that it fetches the page according to how the

Reviewer: Would this work? I feel the meaning is closer to the original intention.

```suggestion
The interesting thing about this command is that it fetches the page the way the
```
